I believe that it is important to have mental wellness, just like physical wellness. I, myself also experienced mental breakdown every now and then, it is worse than the physical illness. People are not willing to share about it, only if someone approaches them, they pour their hearts out. So, we should chat or have conversation with friends or family members, let them feel that they are not alone. It is really imperative, if people feel loved, they get energy to overcome the setback somehow. SHOW CARES, it doesn't cost us anything but unvaluable. 
"My vision for mental wellness is everyone deserves good mental wellbeing and it can be done if there was more understanding and inclusivity. 
This is my vision as I think that all individuals have the chance or right to own a healthy mindset and mental health. However, most of the times, the thought is banished because people are not understanding and inclusive to those who might already be mentally ill which can threaten their health even more. If many were inclusive, I believe that the prevalence of poor mental health state can be reduced."
Youths being able to help one another with mental health awareness and it being normalised by Asian families/ household. I feel that sometimes Asian parents think mental health is quite easily removable and conquered. As our youthful age is the peak in our life for us to identify ourselves as individuals and discover interests and purpose etc. it tends to get overwhelming for youths.
People should aware about mental illness, pespecially in a certain situation or environment that easily triggered mental illness
Mental health heavily influences our quality of life. To maintenance our  mental its so many things we can do. one of them is "talk" . I want to be a place for "them". For those who feel they have no place to talk, for those who can't handle their mentality. For me be a good friend also good listener it's somethings we can do for everyone mental wellness.  
Human being with humanity. For me, being a God creation needs to love and to be loved. 