Mental wellness is crucial 
My vision for mental wellness in the community is to see more support systems being established so that people who need a support group can approach these reputable organisations and find a community where they can share their worries and participate in mental wellness events with. I also hope to see more people taking time off for self care and taking care of their mental wellness by spending quality time with the people they love and taking a break from work when it gets too overwhelming. I believe that in this increasingly polarising and fast-paced world, it is important that people have mental support all around them and individuals become more willing to seek help from others when they know they need the mental support. 
nowadays it is hard to participate in any programs because we either need to pay or the location is not convenient for us therefore, a vision of mine is to have free mental wellness programs accessible everywhere and for everyone. eg, we can have one in RP where we make it compulsory or have walk-in programs at the school lecture hall for students to attend and some interactive activities as well.
Nowadays teenagers are starting to be sensitive to their mental health, many teenager are already concerned and have started consulting a private psychologist. but not many people still think mental health is a taboo thing and can heal by itself, especially the role of parents who sometimes don't know the psychological condition of their child, so many teenager do self harm. This happens because of family, social, and academic problems. Therefore, the most appropriate action is the holding of cooperation with the psychology faculty, namely through peer counseling or visiting the "unit pelayanan psikologi terpadu/ULPT" (physicology service unit in faculty). in order to reduce the mindset of students to do self harm.
My vision for mental wellness in my community is for my community to be more aware of mental well-being and removing the stigma that is still sometimes present in people who are experiencing mental disorders, also having better access for services that could help with mental well-being such as counseling, therapy, or even medication.