I envision a community which is more accepting with the fact that it is okay for individuals to have mental health issues as much as individuals have medical issues with their physical body. Perhaps having more mentoring groups or social groups in the community to allow people who feel lonely or low to just chill out and socialize without feeling overwhelmed or pressurized. I also envision workplaces and schools which enforce self care/ self love in order to prevent burnouts and mental exhaustion, thus hopefully improving the moods of employees/students. Mental Health is crucial to be able to manage our overall health which includes physical and social well-being
I think that mental wellness needs to be raised in our community especially during the pandemic. Statistics have shown that many people have committed suicide, or done any thing that harms themselves. Mental health needs to be raised to reduce the amount of people with poor mental health and to make people more aware that a good lifestyle is important.
I hope for mental wellness to not be stigmatised 
"My vision is to make they aware about how important mental wellness is. Because with healthy mental they can do whatever they want in positive ways. They can happy and enjoy their life, job, study, friends, relationship, etc. With healthy mental they can improve theirselves even better.
Not only aware, but we can handle whatever happens in our life without offend ourselves or people around us. We also know how to solve problems in better ways."
ur life doesn’t get better by chance, it gets better by change
"From what I see, mental health issues in my community are not a priority. Sometimes, this issue is considered as a taboo things to talk about. So not many people talk about this even though many actually feel this is their problem. 
I hope that in the future or maybe from now, many people will care about mental wellness and can raise public awareness about this. With many who care and aware, I hope that people’s mental health will be better and fewer people experience mental problems such as depression, anxiety, and others."